all righty everybody welcome back to ask
the King episode 80 this is part 2 if
you did not see part 1 yet and you're
watching this on demand on YouTube head
over and you can watch that video at any
point on demand when you'd like um this
is gonna cover the rest of the forum
questions if your Twitter questions and
then at the end we're gonna open it up
to stream chatters to ask some questions
all right thank you so far to everyone
who's contributed during this stream it
is very much appreciated everyone who
did thank you two thumbs up to everyone
all right let's continue shall we okay
so the next two questions two completely
unrelated questions are from super blind
man what's up super blind man how's it
goin thank you for submitting questions
for the show Oh we'll start over this
first question he says you mentioned
before that you've grown to be okay with
loading screens because they're gonna
actually give you some more time to
check up on the chat and do a couple
shout outs or what have you I want to
ask you therefore how do you feel about
sony's claim that the PS 5 will
effectively eliminate loading screens
even those that you will get you that
you'll get when launching a game with
their high speed SSD or solid-state dry
assuming for a second that they do it
gee this lofty goal how do you feel
about it first of all I don't feel
they're gonna achieve the lofty goal
even though Sony won't fire possibly
provide hardware that'll do that team
developers are not there yet game
developers have not made it so that
games can immediately be implemented on
any kind of hardware uh much like
everything that they claim that they put
into these modern consoles that are
gonna be implemented and then never do
um I think we may see a lot of reduction
in load times it should be absolutely
outstanding but I'll believe it when I
see it instant loading of a game and
jumping right in has it happened yet it
doesn't happen right now on PC with
high-end components so let's see what
you know what happens here ok but let's
take the hypothetical let's say it does
happen an immediate loading alright
that's pretty cool you know it'll
definitely eliminate downtime when I say
oh I like the loading time I don't like
it it's that I have something else to do
if there's a loading time ok actually
look at the stream chat we could talk
for a few seconds I could update the
leaderboard just some shoutouts I have
stuff to do now because I'm an
interactive streamer when I used to just
be a youtuber it was a lot worse because
what do I do to fill the dead air when
I'm staring at the [ __ ] Normandy
playing Mass Effect for 2 minutes
between scenes
you know I don't want to see this
blueprint schematic for the 70s eighth
time today
um and you know what do I talk about I
don't have that much to talk about
constantly to fill that air so in
reality it was a lot more challenging
back in the day now you're right because
I'm an interactive streamer Oh filling
those those times um isn't nearly as
challenging or daunting I say it used to
be um but at the same time um you know
not having those those times just having
constant content constant gameplay
obviously people are gonna say that's
great that's a lot not waste of time
right so obviously I welcome it I'm very
skeptical that it'll ever happen okay
now onto a second question he says oh
this is my more serious question all
right so we're blind man's getting
serious now you said you don't like much
or you don't want to like the story of
Final Fantasy 7 given the epicness of
Final Fantasy 6 his story this is
understandable however considering the
fact that Square intends to devote a lot
of resources storage space and quite
honestly entire parts of these games to
more and better world and character
development to flesh out the universe do
you feel you'll be able to maintain an
open mind regarding the game again will
you be able to look at the story anew
and if it turns out that they really did
do an excellent job find new respect for
Final Fantasy 7 in reality that's what
I'm hoping for
that's actually what I'm hoping for
because I felt that if there had been
more character elaboration on certain
characters in Final Fantasy 7 that I
liked more than others that maybe the
game would have been better um in
particular they focus in a lot on the
early game characters like cloud Tifa
eros or eros depending on where you play
the game bear it and then later on they
kind of get AB and you like Barry I feel
like it's abandoned halfway through the
game it really doesn't have much
character development all at the end
like he's just kind of a party member
you use but you don't really get much
else out of him in the second half of
the game
um but yeah seems like they focused in
on the main core characters who start
off in the game and then you get
characters like hey sis who come in and
you find nothing about them so at the
end of the game and it's like a tiny
little bit of info and it's like this is
kind of lame you know these are just
characters who were just here to be part
of the party and they really didn't care
about character development I'll compare
that with Final Fantasy 6 maybe
could argue gogo has no backstory maybe
tomorrow but most of the characters
including secret characters who you
don't even know you can have for the
second half of the game like shadow have
backstories you can investigate and
follow they didn't bother doing that
with Final Fantasy 7 they're like a
[ __ ] um and I didn't like that about
the game and in fact I have to say Final
Fantasy 7 is ending it's probably one of
the worst in RPG history for me like a
very ambiguous ending and the next thing
you know you fast forward to the future
for like a very short rendered cutscene
then the game ends it's like huh huh
I just played the [ __ ] out of this game
this is the ending you give me um so for
me for me if they break out the game
into elongated segments the first Midgar
segment is a forty to fifty hour game
the next segments 40 to 50 hours the
last sentence these three segments and
each one's 50 hours and you get tons of
elaboration on the characters like red
13 or Vincent or these characters who
you recruit later on in the game and
they end up not really being super
robust and they you get really great
stories extra added content new
locations new boss fights news a
thrilling I would be over the moon I
love RPGs you guys know that I would be
go nuts you know I can't wait through I
literally at this point can't wait to
get my hands on the remake because I
want to see what they did with this game
because this is a game that for me
started off strong and then when you
kind of get happen through the Midgar
segment it kind of fizzles out then you
get to the open world that's good again
and then it kind of fizzles out and then
for me like I really liked the gameplay
aspect the combat but I did not like the
story of the game so can they fix it
can they improve upon II with what
they're gonna do with this game let's
find out
all right that's that's kind of my
opinion or not my opinion my mindset
going into it let's see what they did
let's find out let's have an open mind
and let's let's check it out I don't
want to go into it with a preconceived
bias oh this game was overrated and it
sucks you know I don't want to say that
I want to say you know what it's a
different game approach it as a
different game I'm gonna approach it
with the same mindset I did with the
Resident Evil 2 remake and you know what
the Resident Evil to me remake for me is
the best remake I've ever played taking
that original formula and really turning
into a modernized game with more
improved gameplay tons of new stuff
tossed and you know if they did a good
job and that's Capcom
who I'm very critical law I think
square-enix could probably do a really
good job with this let's see what they
did okay
that's how I'm approaching it mmm okay
no I did not buy a ps4 controller
attachment Ragnarok rose I've seen it I
don't know what the hell it does them
okay
let's continue um the next questions
from golden Nobles says what is the best
advice you could give to someone who's
about to go out and live on their own
and I'm enjoying your playthroughs on
YouTube so keep them keep going old pal
alright I've talked about this in the
past I'll very briefly gloss over it
again when I first started living by
myself instead of living say with my
parents or whatever there's a few things
that I had to get used to that were very
different now the first thing is you're
now independent you're on your own and
you have no one to lean on or to rely on
if you screw up the first thing you need
to do is wake up no one's gonna say
you're late for school you're late for
work you're late for this you're gonna
be in trouble if you can't wake up on
time
the first thing I did was bought a
really powerful alarm clock the alarm
clock that I use now actually is a dual
alarm clock it has two alarms on it so I
set it up for the time I actually want
to get up and then I set it for 15
minutes after just in case I sleep
through the first alarm and happen to
turn it off but I fall back asleep which
happens sometimes
um the alarm clock I have has escalating
volume so it starts at a very low volume
then gets cannon and a medium then loud
though so loud you can hear it across
the house so that way if I actually
sleep through it all got it escalates to
the point where I'm gonna wake up no
matter what okay so a hundred percent um
have to say that's super important if
you can't get up you obviously can't
progress what your day
it's super important the other thing is
that I really started doing
I started making schedules and making
lists that's something that I kind of
never did in my youth I would just keep
everything in my head all here's what I
got to do today over there start writing
everything down and or of course now
everyone has a smartphone so put that
[ __ ] in your phone because you need to
be on time for stuff you need to know
what's coming up and what you have to do
again there's not gonna be no anyone
nagging at you to do it so I got to pay
my bills schedule out all your bills for
when you actually have to pay them so
that you don't have your rent over
do or you didn't pay your credit card
right um mm uh you know appointments you
need to be here on time you to be here
we have a work schedule put it into a
schedule either on your phone or
wherever that remind you where you need
to be see and know what the hell's going
on for the week don't just leave it to
all I have a paper schedule hidden in a
drawer and I think I remember what it
said and the next thing you know you're
you're late for everything you forget
half the [ __ ] you're supposed to be
doing right essentially when you're
living on your own there's a lot of
added responsibility a lot of added
responsibilities that you now have to
accustom or be accountable for that's
what I meant to say um food right even
as easy as it is to say I'm just gonna
get fast food don't do it all the time
you got it get stuff that you can make
that's quick easy meals that you can
make for yourself that's not a lot of
cleanup and not a lot of work but are
much healthier than just eating fast
food all the time I've been there I eat
fast food all the time it's the most
unhealthy thing you can do it destroys
your body don't do it um geez there's so
much you know there's since you're now
on your own be sure that you know what
you're doing
and you know about your neighborhood you
know what I mean like you could think
somewhere safe and it's not don't put
yourself into situations when you're
living alone where you could be followed
home or you know what I mean you could
get held up you got to basically try it
you know what I mean I've lived in
places where it's been like that where
it man if I'm not careful some [ __ ]
could try to you know follow me hold me
a break-in in my place and robbed my
[ __ ] you gotta be very careful and very
diligent about that stuff okay
especially if you're in you're by
yourself you don't have a roommates or
nothing you're gonna know by yourself
that's big potential for problems um gee
I mean there I could see here all day
and give you tips you know if you had
specific questions and you ever want to
direct on my way on a stream go right
ahead
go ahead and direct on my way and I'll
let you know um and go and go for it
okay all right all right let's continue
on the next question is from Hans Salah
and Hans Allah says the following I am
noticing many people in my university
call students with high GPA intelligent
students and students with low GPA
stupid students I definitely don't agree
with these shallow judgements I'd like
to hear your thoughts about these are
and what makes a person intelligent in
your opinion well Han Solo there's
different kinds of intelligence mm-hmm
there's book smarts there's street
smarts and there's common sense okay
that's what I feel there's three core
kinds of intelligence that humans can
have book smarts is the ability to
literally well memorize okay sit there
and read a book and memorize um memorize
an equation memorize a list of stuff
memorize spelling of words memorize
times and dates you know what I mean so
you're in a history class and I
memorized everything I took the test and
I got every date in person right you
know what I mean that's that's straight
up book smart you actually don't have to
have any practical practical application
of anything that you memorized but
that's book smarts okay then there's
street smarts street smarts are things
that you learn in your life through
application meaning you may not know
like I just said what's the best time to
go go through a certain neighborhood
because maybe at night that
neighborhoods bad and there could be
criminals or gang activity but it's your
street smarts that lets you learn about
that so that you know not to go through
there and get robbed at night right
that's street smarts or oh my god what
do I do if I lose my wallet well what's
the next step right what do I do if my
tire breaker blows up on the road how do
I get my car properly so onto the side
of the road how do I change it's higher
or how do I find a way to call someone
who could change a tire or bring the
attire told my car that's kind of street
smarts I so if you learn an application
of your life you're not just gonna sit
there and memorize a list of information
so if you're gonna learn through doing
and living it right then there's common
sense sadly common sense I find is the
thing most people don't have in this era
it's like if something wasn't written
down as a rule somewhere here and if I
never experienced it in life how am I
supposed to know that this was it how it
is because of common sense and some
people just don't have it they're just
idiots okay um so that's kind of the
thing oh that makes up a truly
intelligent person I would say nine
times out of ten when you're talking
University or school you're talking book
smarts you're talking someone had the
ability to sit down and memorize and
reproduce that memorization of that
information in a test form or an essay
form wherever the hell it was supposed
to be there's really not practical life
application because you could literally
memorize every textbook from a
university and then go to a job and not
know what the [ __ ] you're doing right um
mm-hmm
and what I find is that a lot of stuff
that they do teach you in university
doesn't apply to the real world I
learned a ton of stuff in college that I
never have used in my life because it
was all superfluous knowledge that has
nothing to do with anything I ever did
for a job or anything in the future so
why the hell did I waste all my time
learning it so you could have the
highest GPA in the school and be a
complete idiot because you go to
actually do something in real life you
don't know how the [ __ ] to do it and now
you're a failure right it's just true um
on the flip side you could have someone
who has a terrible GPA but can go out
and immediately jump into ten different
jobs because they're very adaptable they
learn things on the fly quickly when
they actually jump into it
they have common sense and street smarts
so they can actually you know just
figure [ __ ] out first it wasn't in the
book it wasn't in the textbook so how am
I supposed to do it right that's how
some people are um to me success in life
is a combination of all three you need
to be able to learn and memorize things
quickly you need to be able to apply
those things in the real world but also
adapt and have the ability to learn
things on the fly and have that street
smarts mentality but then you also need
to have common sense to know doing
certain risky things or doing stupid
things isn't very smart you know what I
mean there's a combination of all three
um and schools don't do a good job of
teaching that at all at all why is it
that when you go to university you don't
learn the first thing about paying rent
mortgage credit cards nothing none of
the things you need to do immediately
when you become independent and get a
real job and everything do they teach
you in university they start think to
view the tools to learn the basics of
the of a job but they don't tell you
anything about real life why the [ __ ] is
that why we have superfluous [ __ ]
you know courses in university I had to
take a Native American Studies course
and all this course was was a guy who
had Native American heritage and I'm
sitting there every day babbling he
didn't have he didn't teach us a damn
thing and every test was just taken out
of a
that we had to memorize I came out of
that course learning absolutely nothing
about Native Americans it was a complete
waste of my [ __ ] time instead of that
why the [ __ ] didn't I just have a course
about finances so I knew how to pay my
bills when I got out of college but they
don't do that because they don't care
about practicality they care about
making money you know what I mean so
give you a bunch of crap courses you
don't [ __ ] need and everyone has a
giant GPA and gets out of college
doesn't know jack [ __ ] about life so I
don't you know if people in your
university uh you know the high GPA or
dummy [ __ ] off
guess what the people who were hot with
high GPAs are they also busting their
ass because this was my situation when I
was in university I had to work
full-time in order to pay for university
I had loans that I had out that I had to
pay for and bills so me working meant
that I couldn't do a lot of the extra
stuff that the people with a high GPA
were doing to get that GPA so should I
consider myself stupid because I had
like a middle-of-the-road GPA when in
university because I had to actually
work and have real life experience and
practical practical application of life
skills no in fact it's the complete
opposite more than likely I was able to
do to adapt and do more things in life
than those idiots were when they came
out of college didn't know [ __ ] about
anything but that's how the judging
College a lot of people especially
depending on what university or ATS all
about GPA and stuff right so that's my
take on okay continuing on Ritchie 7
asks the following he says early in your
career you shared your entire life with
your audience what were some of the
reasons that you decided to be so open
when you actually started how does it
compare with living a more private life
now if you didn't have the detractor
problem where anything you share could
be used against you do you think you
would have continued to share as much as
you did okay when I first started on
YouTube it was a joke being very honest
with all of you I didn't take you
seriously I didn't think it was ever
gonna turn out to be anything in any
long-term I never thought it would be my
job I never thought I would make any
money doing yeah I thought it was just
me [ __ ] around and having fun and
that was it that was the extent of it
that's all I didn't care about it um
which is why back then I said some of
the things I said I did some of the
things I did that were considered now
over the top what the hell was he
thinking right um I never thought
anything would happen and we're
to me getting popular any kind of
positivity out of I thought it was just
wow a bunch of people follow me and want
to see what I'm doing or whatever so
basically after I think it was about a
year of doing the gameplay stuff people
kept saying I want to see your face I
want to see what you look like you know
I'd never shown my face it was always
just me playing games and so in 2010 I
believe it was I did the big reveal
video where I first showed up for the
first time and I told talk to everyone
about my mentality about everything and
it was actually in that reveal video at
that time that I think I said I was
gonna start doing vlogging oh I'm gonna
start doing you know like it's like DSP
tries it videos and stuff like that for
diversification I wanted to see if
people were more interested in the
personal side of stuff than me just
playing games at that point people were
whoa I want to say you're so funny when
you play games we want to see you apply
that to real life too we want to see a
triumph products and eaten food we want
to see it going around and filming
whenever you go to an event and stuff
like that and that's kind of how that
started and then the thing was back then
being you know single and having a house
that was just ready wasn't a house it
was this very small condo very small
little unit um essentially just watching
me play games and or vlogging you saw
the entirety of my condo right it was so
small so I was like why not turn the
condo into the filming studio everything
that I have can be applied to a video
everything that I do could be applied to
a video and it's basically kind of a way
to get views for different kinds of
content it was weird cuz no matter what
I tried people watched and liked it was
crazy
I never thought making a stupid video of
me making eggs on bagels or whatever I
did to anyone would give it [ __ ] and it
took all that people loved it they were
like this is great you gotta keep it
with the series of doing that and doing
this and then of course when I started
monetizing the stuff I'm making big
money doing I was like this is insane
right um but that was kind of my
mentality back then I was like it
doesn't really matter what private life
I have um it doesn't matter if I make
everything public people seem to like
everything I show them and this is a
great way to diversify and not only be
doing gameplay um the other thing was
back then I really didn't have like a
private life that could that anyone used
against me it was all positive like
everyone took everything is a positive
oh my god Phil's making uh GSP tries it
video today and even though we're
laughing at him cuz he's so poorly made
the
food it's hilarious O'Neil ahahaha it
wasn't like oh let's micro analyze
everything in Phil's kitchen because
he's a streamer and he asks for
donations on the stream and therefore
let's see what he's using the donations
for in his kitchen oh my god did you see
that panini press that looks like that's
like a $40 panini press and he got a $40
one instead of a 30 or $20 one that's
$10 he misappropriated from funds that
people gave him on a stream you see what
I'm saying
it wasn't like that back then that back
then it was like everything was positive
everything was a really cool attitude of
wow this YouTube thing is a new
interactive fun thing where people can
share their life experiences in a funny
way and it was just a very positive vibe
overwhelming from the internet which is
good positive stuff um and then over the
years essentially what happened was when
people kind of turned their opinion on
me with things like that this is how you
don't believe we already talked about
this uh nasty King but there was a time
period when Phil's long-form gameplay
videos are no longer good because we've
now been conditioned in our heads to
believe that only videos that are good
on YouTube are highly edited with all
the downtime cut out and if you're not
someone who came into YouTube with
know-how of video editing and experience
and money to make these highly edited
polished videos your content sucks so
Phil sucks now cuz he still needs to old
style content so let's spin the
positivity into negative let's
constantly say he sucks at games
let's constantly say he's a terrible
human for making fun of game devs oh by
the way look at all the [ __ ] that he's
revealed of his personal life over the
years let's make fun of him for that and
every little thing he does lets make fun
up now the thing is at the same time all
that negativity was coming up I had
already had a long-standing series like
DSP tries it were vlogging when I went
out and stuff so I continued to do those
and tried to ignore the negativity but
it just grew exponentially over the
years so this whole thing of WoW
anything I put out is positive and
everyone likes it became Wow everything
I put out everyone just shits on them
constantly you know it was a complete
almost 180 of attitude from the common
viewers on YouTube not to say I didn't
have my hardcore family so I absolutely
did people who've been supportive with
to me over the years and basically saw
through the nonsense that people were
saying and doing in regards to me but
you see what I mean it was still so
negative with that that disgusting toxic
that started the form okay so continuing
on with your question here um
the reasons I decided to be so open was
because I felt there's nothing to hide
you know I never thought in a million
years that people would use anything
from a video like a vlog in my place use
it against me as a negative at that
point when I started doing that stuff no
one was doing negative stuff towards me
at all it was cut quite the opposite it
was overwhelmingly positive feedback
from the internet do more share more we
love it okay um how does that compare
with having a more private life well
being very honest with you guys what
happened was when the negative stuff
started happening I ended up becoming
kind of almost like like what's the
paranoid what is it today that someone's
gonna say about something I did in a
video yesterday that's gonna come back
to bite me right what is it gonna be the
next thing that someone spins as a
negative toxic stupid piece of [ __ ]
story to get clickbait views on YouTube
and that's really what it became was
what ludicrous thing comes up today and
now that I have a private life and I
don't show you my house I don't tell you
about a lot of the behind the scenes
stuff that my life and I do and you know
we just have our own life off of the
internet we don't have to worry about
that [ __ ] when I'm off stream it's like
when I'm off stream I'm disconnected
that's it now it's time for private life
and it's much better than Oh immediately
everything else I do has to be all
connected to the Internet and that's why
I told you guys I'll say it again that's
why DSP tries it is not ever gonna
resume because the most frustrating days
were when I had to come to stream stream
for four or five hours all stream and I
got a rush hour buy from film film film
Eddie Eddie Eddie upload stream again
like the whole day was [ __ ] where I
where was my life I had no real life
there because it was all share
everything constantly everything was a
hundred percent for you to I can't live
like that anymore you know what I mean
that was crazy
how much I was dedicating and how much I
was putting into it um just just to for
it to come bite me in the ass later on
anyway with the [ __ ] that people would
say and do so really that's the
difference is I don't have that constant
paranoia feeling anymore um
and quite frankly there were the
ludicrousness of what people say about
me these days is so ludicrous that I
don't care about it anymore you know
what I mean when people are gonna every
day fabricate something stupid
it just becomes white noise it's kind of
like the boy who cried wolf right the
first five times someone says something
shocking you might believe it but then
the next 27 times is like who cares and
that's how it's becoming for me like I
don't kid maybe the first few times
people started saying ridiculous [ __ ]
that was nuts
I cared the most the most ludicrous one
was that [ __ ] escort story like that
was so insane but you know what I mean
and since then there's been similar
things that are so insane and this point
I just don't care anymore after that I
don't give a [ __ ] you jump the shark
when you just believe the stupidest [ __ ]
on the planet okay to the pact when I
where I just don't care what anyone says
about me anymore because it's all the
same it's all the same you already jump
the shark I've had enough you're beating
the dead horse but there's so many dumb
[ __ ] people out there they still want
that drama even if they don't care if
it's true they just want to eat up the
new drama and that's why they watch the
clickbait videos and the stupid [ __ ] on
YouTube cuz they're that dumb uhm but
for me it's like I don't care anymore
but the less ammo I give to these people
the better see what I mean the less I
give them to work with the better let
them grasp at straws let them literally
try to fabricate and make [ __ ] up that's
the most ludicrous you've ever heard
because God forbid I actually make a
video walking through my hallway and
they see something oh my god now I
actually have something tied to a real
fact that I can spin out of control and
make look like drama I'm not pulling up
with that [ __ ] anymore
alright so that's why that's the
difference now between now and then back
then was like my god what's gonna happen
anyone could say anything about me and
people will believe it cuz they're dumb
now it's like I'm not you know now I
don't worry about that I have this nice
private life that separate it from that
okay um do you think I would have
considered to share as much as I did if
I didn't have the detractor problem
honestly yeah like really I saw I had
fun doing the stuff that I did okay and
immediately probably I still would have
scaled back DSP tries it but in reality
you know a lot of the threes ins that
now I've become a more kind of secluded
guy with a private life is directly
because of the actions of the [ __ ]
if they hadn't done the [ __ ] that they
did to me over the years
then guess what I probably would have
shared what you know the reason that
those people found my address
immediately when I moved across the
country was because I honor the kindness
of my own content creation said I'm
gonna share with you the journey I'm
gonna go to you know the Seattle area
I'm gonna film houses with walkthroughs
and I'm gonna put it on the internet to
show you the potential houses I'm
looking to move into and stuff and
because of that people figure it out the
area I was looking at for homes and they
got my address immediately you know dad
that's my dad that came back to bite me
because I was being so nice and so open
and so transparent with you guys
mm-hmm that that came back to haunt me
forever you know what I mean um as I
mean if people didn't do that [ __ ] up
[ __ ] then probably I would have
continued to share more about my life
and everything and you would probably
know a lot more and by the way if you
will didn't do the [ __ ] up [ __ ] cat
would probably want to come to stream
and spend time with all of us on stream
and do stuff it's the it's 100% because
of the actions of the [ __ ] up toxic
greedy people on the internet that that
stuff no longer will be shared anymore
that's why because if they didn't do the
[ __ ] they did and didn't continue to do
the [ __ ] they did then maybe I would
feel a little bit more safe and I'd
actually be able to share more but I
can't anymore I can't share anything
with you except things I absolutely know
where essential because you never know
what's gonna happen well what they're
gonna [ __ ] up next right so that's how
it is okay continuing on this is the
last question from the forums this time
this is from level up gamer he says with
all the major streamers joining a mixer
also smaller ones as well when I asked
these streamers about the move they
claimed the account being tied to
Microsoft definitely adds a decline in
fake accounts and trolls on their
surveys in addition some say that the
leveling system that each user has is an
indication of how loyal of a viewer that
they may be basically making a person
who can't afford to subscribe feel a
little more involved and invested also
the moderation is much more streamlined
over on mix here you can set the chat
based on level so only people who
reached a level 2 or whatever can chat
etc I also know that you sometimes don't
trust the voting systems on different
things when I do polls well mixer
actually has a good system in place with
so many tools you can keep most
attractors away if you know all that
sorry for the link she introduction I
didn't I don't use mixers
I don't know anything about that now
here's my question what's your opinion
on mixer would you ever consider jumping
ship which the trolling got too bad or
if you got tired of me
umm I can tell you right now the
trolling would not be the reason I would
move to mixer no cuz I've got my [ __ ]
under control I do I I don't even think
we actively have a mod here on the
stream today in this change that's fine
you know what I mean like we've got
things in place I you know it's not that
big of a deal um in my opinion things
have gotten to a level that are that are
calm enough that's not a big deal and I
actually feel that the tools put in
place for moderation on Twitch are more
than sufficient for my needs
okay it wouldn't be trolling would not
be the reason why I moved the mixer now
if I somehow had some kind of a major
disagreement with twitch on something
with the business where I felt that I
could not continue to share my content
with you in a way that I wanted to on a
daily basis then I would consider
leaving for example that's exactly what
happened years ago I was streaming on
Twitch from 2013 to late was it late
2014 or late 2015 I always forget but
basically at that point I was streaming
an assassin's Creed game at a bit rate
that was considered above the allowed
bitrate on twitch twitch came to me at
twitch imanakum plane and said you're
streaming too high lower your bitrate
and I said do I know for a fact right
now there's people bigger than me that
are streaming at a higher bitrate that
you're allowing so right now I'm just
telling you this is preferential
treatment which is [ __ ] up I don't
agree with that and I'm telling you
right now that if I change my bitrate
the game's gonna look like [ __ ] they
didn't care they demanded I do it so I
did it looked like [ __ ] and I said I'm
not streaming on your business anymore
so I went over to YouTube I believe it
was for roughly two years and on YouTube
um I was able to stream at any bitrate I
want okay and that was fine for two
years except that YouTube didn't have
many ways to really make any kind of
profit on a stream which at that point I
didn't care about because I was still
making enough add revenue on YouTube to
I didn't care about the streams being
monetized or anything that was a
different era for sure um in addition
YouTube's moderation is absolutely
god-awful um it's basically their
extreme chat is not a stream chat just
comments that roll on like a video so
it's impossible to control so I had to
have my own chat
on an mirc server that was running
constantly and I really feel that during
those years I had a decline in
viewership because people wanted to see
something that was easy to access and a
lot of people got turned off at the live
streaming aspect so they either watch
the videos on YouTube they didn't watch
at all the whole live streaming thing
kind of didn't work for me those years
but then years later I heard that twitch
had finally upped their bitrate
requirements they allowed you to stream
at a higher bitrate that would be
quality for me I came back in the rest
is history it's been over three years
and I've absolutely loved every moment
I've been on Twitch there's been no
issues um so that being said um the only
reason I would ever leave twitch really
is because we there would be some kind
of a fundamental change or something
happening that I felt that I didn't want
to be on this business anymore the site
but the thing is it's never happened you
know three and a half years I've been
here if anything I think it's been it's
gotten better you know the thing is too
I focus on my own stuff I should
emphasize here I focus on my own stuff I
don't get into other people's business I
don't care about what other people are
doing on Twitch people always want to
get into these oh did you hear what this
person got away with today on Twitch but
then this person got punished for onto
it I don't [ __ ] pay attention to any
of that [ __ ] I pay attention to me and
my business and my concerns and my
ability to stream and your guys ability
to watch what you want to watch on my
streams I don't care about all the white
noise or the horseshit that I hear over
here and over here and over here I don't
care so even though some people claim
wow there's all these problems with
twitch like I would experience none of
them not a single one because I just do
my own [ __ ] I don't get involved in the
drama so I like being on Twitch I have
no desire to leave twitch and go to a
third-party company because or another
third-party streaming company because I
like twitch right so why do I want to
leave twitch is still the number one
streaming service in the world I get the
feeling that even though there may be
competition what makes are they're gonna
remain number one um I've already said
this before I feel competition with
mixer is a good thing and here's why
competition breeds innovation and
improve me if you have one company
that's a hundred percent dominant in a
field
there's no inspiration for them to ever
do any better take a look at YouTube how
bad YouTube has gotten over the years
and just continues to get worse because
there's no one to compete with them when
it comes to on-demand
they are the number one guys no one ever
competes so they do whatever the [ __ ]
they want they change whatever they want
they do you know what I mean and that
website has just fallen the [ __ ] apart
and become a toxic [ __ ] cesspool
because of that you with twitch actually
having some actual competition it's good
it means they'll have to find ways to
improve maybe they'll see some of these
things that mixer apparently has that
they don't and say oh maybe we should
implement some of these things or do
things that are better than that because
we want to stay competitive and we want
to be the top guys still right you see
what I'm saying um I like that about it
so this is good having mixer as a viable
competitor to twitch is gonna have both
businesses want to improve upon each
other and be better than each other and
that's gonna allow for better variety
when it comes to content and delivery
and features when it comes to streams so
I'm all for it but again no I would not
leave twitch at all right now
I like being where I am I love streaming
every day it's a streamlined it's easy I
don't have any problems um you guys like
the content I put out here like I said
there's constant improvements
monetization options he'll just today I
added two new cheer modes and I added
three News exclusive emotes for people
who have cheered a certain level and
earned the ability to use those they
cannot use those in my check these are
just constantly things that I can do to
improve and make the experience better
for people see and I like that about
twitch the one criticism might have
about twitch to this day I still wish
that they would improve it
let me stream at a higher bitrate they
still limit me to the 60 500 kilobits
per second or the [ __ ] it is I want to
be at 9000 or more if I could do 9,000
or more I could do 1080p 60 frames per
second gameplay of every single game I
play my PC can do it but I can't do it
on Twitch because it looks like [ __ ] at
the bit rate that they forced me to
stream at let me stream at a higher
bitrate and then I'll be able to put out
the highest quality stuff for my viewers
but they don't let you they drink they
limit you to the 6500 and so that's what
I'm stuck doing okay alright let's do
some shoutouts thank you very much to
the following patrons who are ongoing
supporters and earned a verbal shout out
this month shout out to will Walker
Ville ik's
fallen 1570 big atone 995 Casey would
planet Jeff Thomas McDonald Sean given
last Rambo 341 uncommon sense qpz mwn
David Denmark storm force gamer Richie 7
Steven Slater double-oh-seven Michael
then a alt and dr. sketch lines thank
you guys alright now we move on to
Twitter questions and then I'm gonna do
some shout outs and then we'll have a
little bit of time for extreme Q&A
before we adjourn the show okay excuse
me whoo all right let's move on to
Twitter questions first of all from
Rascal Blacktail he says how do you keep
going with the constant barrage of
criticism surely there's more to it than
just ignoring it it's relentless whether
some may feel it's deserved or not there
has to be a mental or emotional toll
it's taken over the years first of all
it's not criticism you know there is
criticism legit criticism I always
welcome and if someone has a suggestion
for a stream or suggestion for a new
genre of game I should check out or some
way I can improve I'll definitely take
it into consideration one of the biggest
criticisms I still get to this date I
need to shorten my pre streams yeah when
I shortened my pre streams I don't get
to talk about a lot of critical critical
information and then it's hilarious
because then that stream everyone's
talking about that the whole stream is
distract you from the gameplay so you
see what I mean like some of the
criticisms I feel are valid and I'll
take them into consideration but a lot
of them at the same time I have to
figure out is that best for the kind of
content that I do um you know it's very
tough to figure out what's a good or
valid criticism or what's not but what I
think you're specifically addressing
rascal is the slander and the defamation
that's not criticism that's complete
horseshit it's taking a snippet of truth
or taking a fact that is a part of a
whole big picture and portraying it as
if it's the whole picture for example
the other day Here I am on stream and
we're talking about the passing of Kobe
Bryant the shocking you know very very
awful untimely passing of him at that
point we didn't even know that his
daughter had passed away in the same
helicopter crash we were just talking
about Kobe and we're talking about how
he's a
person and how he's very influential
figure and then as we're talking about
Kobe's passing my game file who had
corrupted hmm in Knights of the Old
Republic and so I just mentioned oh my
god you got to be kidding me like game
file corrupted and now we got to replay
a whole bunch of gameplay what a day
first we have this really shocking death
of someone who everyone you know
respects and then I gave some file
corrupts it's like a really horrible day
of a horrible [ __ ] um and people make it
headline news on their YouTube channels
DSP compares Kobe Bryant's death to
losing a game save file didn't do that
at all that's complete defamation in
slant it's 100% factually incorrect if
you actually watched the [ __ ] stream
you would actually see exactly what
happened on the stream and that's not
what happened at all it wasn't like oh
man Kobe died in my game fit my game
file is gone and you know this is really
awful for us man it's like it's [ __ ]
I never equated the two at all in any
kind of a comparison it's saying making
a list of bad things does not mean the
bad things are equivalent but this is
what these people do to me every single
day they literally make [ __ ] up that's
not criticism that's slander
that's defamation that's illegal to do
that to wrists represent something to
make it look like something it actually
wasn't is actually illegal in the United
States of America and people who do it
can be sued for it okay um but this
happens to me every day and it gets to
the point where it's so ludicrous that
like I said earlier I just laugh at it
there's no way I could take that [ __ ]
seriously are you out of your minds and
the truth of the matter is everyone who
is actually here on the streams knows
it's [ __ ] they were here they saw
exactly what happened they saw the true
context of the discussion that we had we
saw we had a very honorable and
respectful conversation about Kobe um
and to say that I say stuff like that is
ludicrous but that's what they do click
bait click bait come make money click
bait click bait um you're right it does
take a toll it absolutely takes a toll
and if you know there was a point where
I was like man I don't even know if I
want to keep on doing this anymore
because it got so bad telling every
aspect of my life was being negatively
affected my finance is my personal life
my family was being harassed you know it
was like every aspect of my life but it
was being
negatively affected by this [ __ ] to
these people were doing just to get
their own personal gain on the internet
um but now these past few years that
I've made a more private life that's
protected from that [ __ ] it hasn't been
as negatively affected that's for sure
um and the truth of the matter is like I
said it really all culminated with that
stupid escort story and at now it's just
everything's [ __ ] everything that
they say is is [ __ ] I just don't
even care anymore because why am I gonna
care about the most ludicrous [ __ ] that
they just make up on a daily basis for
themselves when I know I could just push
forward positively and I know that my
true fans are gonna come and not know
they know that stuff's fake anyway they
were here right so they know the dash is
[ __ ] they know not to believe is
insane slanderous and different the
fam'ly Tory stories and so we don't care
about it you know you know yeah
admittedly admittedly I would say it was
about three or four years ago when I was
at a point I was like a breaking point I
was like damn dude my life sucks right
now because there's so much negativity
and hate towards me and I don't know if
this will ever turn around and I don't
know what's gonna happen you know I
would definitely say in the last year
things did turn around in the last year
public opinion against me even though
people still say I'm a law cow or
whatever it's not like to the point
where all let's destroy his [ __ ] life
and ruin him forever it's more like okay
let's laugh at some of his misadventures
but understand this guy is unfairly
treated on a daily basis by a bunch of
stalkers [ __ ] okay that's good I
did some step in the right direction
right so I'm happy with that okay
continuing on gravity asked me do I
still enjoy streaming every day
absolutely every single day I enjoy
streaming and that's the God's honest
truth um like I said more and more ever
since I became an interactive streamer I
enjoy streaming are there days when I'm
tired and it's a little bit tougher to
get the stream sure are there days when
I wish I didn't have to do a full
talking stream for three hours because I
my throat's gonna hurt for the rest of
the day sure that's absolutely true
but I still enjoy doing what I do for a
living that's why I love this I told you
I'm more than anything I've ever done in
my entire life this has been the most
fulfilling job I feel like I'm actually
making a difference I'm doing things
that is positives for people while I get
to make a living doing it it's amazing
okay waingro says don't take this the
wrong way we've noticed you go out
way now to censor yourself we all know
you still have the instinct of making
jokes about gay people and women the
question is did you really become a
leftist are you just trying to please
twitch so this guy's basically in an
extreme way kind of agreeing with
someone earlier on the show who's
basically said we noticed that you used
to say things like oh this boss is
overpowered two cameras horrendous awful
checkpoints lame online connections but
now you've become more mellow and more
of a chill guy on stream
okay um I've caught I've pretty much
already explained it but I'll explain it
again very quickly um the truth of the
matter is I was always over exaggerating
in the past and doing those extreme
things to get attention because that was
my schtick on YouTube that was the whole
thing Phil was the guy he does long for
in gameplay doesn't edit his stuff he
shows you both the successes in the
fails way more Phil's than successes but
the he leaves all the fails in there
unedited so you can actually see what
happened when he played the game
president seeing the edited [ __ ] that
the guys who made that me and polished
manufactured content made I was
different I broke the mold because I
wasn't like everyone else I wasn't
following the tripes and excuse me the
tropes I said tribes the tropes and/or
the common ways to be successful on
YouTube I was still successful by not
using any of their common practices but
my stick was I was the over the top guy
I would make sexual comments I would
make rude or violent comments
generalized kind of jokes about race and
gender yes there were some times gay
jokes are reduce things in a gay kind of
voice you know what I mean um and that
was a common thing in my content back
then then when I became an interactive
streamer I don't have to do that [ __ ]
anymore you know I don't have to fill
every waking moment of dead air with
some kind of content with me blabbing
constantly I could just interact with a
stream chat have a more organic real
experience instead of a manufactured one
which was basically me making [ __ ] up
all the time um and I like this way more
it's not me censoring myself okay um at
all in that regard now not to say that
sure knowing that twitch has a rule set
right that says oh you can't make fun of
certain groups or whatever I know that
that rule set exists um as you've seen
it doesn't stop me from being myself I'm
always going to say and do whatever I
feel is the truth or if I want to make a
joke and I feel it's pertinent I'm gonna
make that joke oh I don't feel like
anything that I do on streams is
offensive to the level where anyone
should be getting offended and you know
complaining to twitch or anything at all
and in reality um you know I have grown
up even though some people would say
don't give us that [ __ ] that you
grew up in matured it's true it's
absolutely true that you know I used to
think in that way keep in mind you know
when I was starting out on YouTube I was
26 27 years old um much younger I was
coming out of the street fighter
community which oh my god you want to
talk about racist humor and [ __ ] that's
three-parter community is a hundred
percent the most strong in that do you
know all that kind of sexist races they
don't give a [ __ ] they don't pull
punches that's like the ultimate hazing
kind of an atmosphere over there okay
and at the time I was also a huge fan of
angry video game nerd and nostalgia
critic not to say that their third act
they do that kind of humor but they were
you know Airy video gamers f this F that
every other word coming out of his mouth
right that's his character that he
portrays um so that being say um you
know I kind of grew out of it after
doing it for about five six years you
get tired of doing the same [ __ ]
thing all the time and having to portray
you know being this over-the-top
character who always has to make the
sexual comment or joke who always has to
you know what I mean it gets tiring at
first it was fun cuz a shock factor you
get that shock factor out of the
audience that oh my god Phil just said
that Wow after you do that for five
years there's no shock anymore you've
done it for five years you know so you
change up you change up a little bit and
you become different for me
being a more honest person being a more
organic streamer with interaction with
you guys and not having to do that crazy
[ __ ] over-the-top stuff you know it's
better for me I did you know and people
say oh it's [ __ ] no sorry you know
that you can't be mature personally and
so you don't understand it but for me
that stuff's not funny anymore maybe it
was funny ten years ago that shit's just
not funny anymore I've changed I'm a
married guy I have a
set family life now that I enjoy I don't
need to be meaning [ __ ] stupid ass
sexual comments constantly about stuff
anymore I'm over 10 years older than
when I started this I'm a much different
person I've transformed myself into what
I feel is a much more moral person I've
learned a lot but got a lot wiser over
the years I don't need this stupid [ __ ]
anymore in my content and a lot of
people like that a lot of people
actually like that and I say no we like
the fact that Phil's now more mature and
different morals why would I have a
viewing audience I wouldn't people
absolutely hated every change I ever
made and the maturity factor that I've
implemented in my content why would I
still be here
I wouldn't okay um the last question is
from Darkrai 117 he says what's your
opinion on Sony skipping III this year
even though the PS 5 is launching is III
dying yes talked about it a lot last
year when Sony decided to skip e3 e3 is
dying it doesn't really need to exist
anymore Oh everyone now has found out
that doing digital events at their own
pace and whenever they feel like is much
cheaper and much less stressful and
actually gives things a lot more
exposure than e3 face it if every major
gaming company is dropping their bombs
at e3 the bombs don't have as much
effect anymore because every bomb went
off at once first is o so nmes february
is gonna do this crazy press conference
announcing the PS 5 Nintendo doesn't new
direct every couple of months that drops
all their new content you know and these
are just specific events just for those
people or just for those people just for
those companies or publishers it gives a
lot more emphasis in my opinion than Oh
III where everything happened at once
right um in addition excuse me sadly III
wanted to make more money got incredibly
greedy and bloated and said we want to
open our show it's no longer just a
trade show where journalists can come
and interview these companies that are
showing off their games and then the
journalists can spread that information
to the world it now became everyone
could go to e3 everyone just buys a
ticket they're all insanely expensive
it's analogous not just a gaming press
event now it's like a convention where
everyone parties and everything and when
you do that you lost the essential
purpose of the whole event because of
green and that's exactly what happens
people really care about III because are
you going to see anything exclusive well
guess what you could stay home without
spending hundreds of thousands of
dollars to go out there and you can
actually watch all the
[ __ ] online now yeah the truth of the
matter is you wouldn't get any hands-on
experience with some of the games but
the one III I went to I think I let me
think about this very practically I
played Resident Evil fought I played um
Mel ger solid Rising revengeance or
middle gear solid for whatever the [ __ ]
it was called crazy name
I played oh maybe one or two like I
probably got hands-on experience with
like four to five games and the entire
event I was there okay most of the games
they don't let you play you have to wait
in line to see a presentation about the
game and you don't ever get to play the
game so you don't get any hands-on
experience and in reality most of the
information gets shown online anyway so
why are you there right it's become oh
so I can say I was there it's it's you
it's one of those things that's like I
want to say I went to e3 rather than
actually there's a reason to be there
and it's expensive as [ __ ] all the
hotels around there overpriced all the
transportation is overpriced all the
food is overpriced the tickets are
incredibly expensive there's really no
reason to go anymore
as a person to attend to e3 you get no
advantage over someone just sitting on
the internet looking for the information
um so can you imagine as a game creator
or publisher or company why the [ __ ] do
you want to be at e3 I can do my own
event show my O'Neil for much cheaper do
my own digital event and you know we get
the same positive effect right so what's
the point and that's that's kind of what
I think Sony is like [ __ ] this we're not
doing this [ __ ] no more you know we
didn't get any positive benefit out of
doing this so we're out of here um and
that's kind of what I think and that's
what I think has happened with III and
that's what I think you'll see in the
next few years people will be like why
are we even there
you know if III really wants to be a
game convention you know that's a game
party for gamers then [ __ ] do it and
make money doing it that way and let the
people who actually want to present
their products do it in a proper fashion
on their own stuff but in reality I
think was gonna happen his e3 is gonna
die out and just not be existing anymore
within five or so years because this is
the rate is going who he'll wants to
keep going there right
mm okay so let's do a few shoutouts
pre-boot contributing and then we're
just gonna open up the chapter Q&A for a
few minutes before we adjourn the show
so first of all let's see here where's
the Baba Vera did a cheer and said it
scrolled off the screen son of a [ __ ] I
was just about to read it okay all right
so mr. Baba Vera says even for veteran
Final Fantasy 7 players the remake is
gonna be a totally different game I'm
really curious what it'll be like me too
and we're gonna find out in just a
couple of months I'm excited for that
mature adult cheered
he said he's dish you should get a phone
number that your fans can call in on
when you do a stream like this thoughts
no oh let's see here the the deputy
subscribe to the channel thank you to
the deputy for the so then pw dubstep me
a couple dollars here the first one he
says I should wear do I wear a do-rag
when going to bed or around the house a
do-rag that's interesting um no actually
what I do is I my hair to one of those
beehive designs for the 1960s I have a
big Bo ya beehive on my head of course
and then the other cheer he says can I
claim you as a dependent on my taxes no
you cannot do that thank you for the
$2.00 in tips thanks to everyone who
contributed today I appreciate it okay
continuing on um
raisin bread is tasty just cheers it
fill early in the stream you mentioned
some gaming youtubers tend to not work
that hard since they cut out a lot of
their content and don't show their
feelings like you do before going to
direct capture that's not what I said at
all what I said is it's harder to
actually play more games and complete
more games in a short timeframe then it
is to only play one game a week and sit
there editing the content all day and
putting that out it absolutely is harder
I can tell you from experience as
someone who's done both because I've
done play five games in one week and
beat them and then I've done play two
games in a week and edit it and put the
content on ko gaming I've done both it's
harder to do the more gameplay than it
is to do the editing okay that's for my
personal experience I'm not saying that
they don't do hard work in
in fact like I said if they have the
education if they have the money and the
means to make those stylize videos it is
hard work to make them like that but
that's not as hard as just surely
completing the amount of content that I
did over the years that was tougher okay
now continuing out what you're saying do
you feel it's fair to generalize all
youtubers based on the actions of a few
lazier ones no one I never did you
didn't hear what I said properly the
Italian crow took the dollar and said
ciao Phil means Togo Tendo no spectacled
yo
thank you very much Italian crow for the
dollar tip I appreciate that
okay um Christian knocks re-subscribe to
the channel for five months thank you
for a comedy since DSP gaming classic
you're welcome thank you very much
Christian knocks I appreciate that Oh
lemonade Sparkle did a hundred cheer and
said oh here we go
I love wrestling and I love gotcha so
apparently this there's still going on
with this [ __ ] meme that apparently I
play gotcha games whatever thanks for
the cheer free-for-all cast at a 50
[ __ ] cheer he says you literally have
over 2,000 live viewers right now
whether these detractors would admit it
or not they love to watch you haters
detractors fans and the curious you
demand an audience most viewers with
2,000 viewers get more you deserve more
you're right every viewer that's on one
of the illegal restreamers is my viewer
they're watching for me um if I didn't
exist
they wouldn't be watching that person
who's restreaming me right now a 100%
that is mine
it's sad that sadly these idiots who
break the law every day get money on my
behalf for ripping me off but I don't I
don't have any means to really do
anything about it because I'm poor and I
don't have money to sue the [ __ ] so
there you go fever all cast chewed again
and he says Yoshi world order watch me
to ask you to compare and contrast
Yoshi's Island to Super Mario World I
promised I would ask for that I already
did that on this very stream I said a
Yoshi's Island has and very good music
and good graphics but I feel that the
gameplay mechanics are more wonky and
less consistent the game does not feel
as polished per se as Super Mario World
and in addition a lot of things just
feel weird like when you're in Super
Mario World in water you naturally feel
like you're in water and it feels like
similar Mario games Super Mario are
excuse me
Yoshi's Island is like a totally new
gameplay mechanic it's like you're
swimming goo and it's hard to jump out
of it and it's really just frustrating a
[ __ ] um in addition I feel that super
Marv excuse me excuse me super mario
well Yoshi's Island is way too tough
because it requires you to find a lot of
Secrets and or have previously
discovered knowledge about a stage in
order to beat it a lot of the stages are
like you can't even beat them unless you
know exactly what you're supposed to be
doing at first or else they're
incredibly hard give me an example last
night there's a stage I'm playing it's
one of the fortresses in Yoshi's Island
and there's only one checkpoint in the
stage but it's at a door that's in the
center of the stage and there's four
ways to go so you go through the first
door you find a key you go through this
middle door oh you use the key here oh
there's a checkpoint okay oh come to
find out you need to get the other three
keys in a row without dying and open
three more doors before you reach
another checkpoint now if you had known
that there was only one checkpoint while
you got all four keys you probably would
have hit that checkpoint way later
especially if you did something easy
rather than have to repetitively do
stuff over and over if you die on a hard
part but the game does it it's not
intuitive like Super Mario World wasn't
like - Super Mario World the checkpoints
were well spaced out the gameplay wasn't
by the way the stages on Yoshi's Island
are way longer than Super Mario World
Super Mario World the stages never feel
like one stage is too long or over over
does its welcome you know overstays its
welcome they all feel like it's good
pacing Yoshi's Islands the opposites
like damn this pacing is grindy as [ __ ]
it feels like the stage is way too long
I just wanted to end to get to the next
one um it really does feel like a
completely different dev team made it
which I think they did I think that it
was a different dev team which is why
it's weird that they brand Yoshi's
Island Super Mario World - I guess maybe
it's cuz it has a lot of the same
returning enemies but it really doesn't
feel like Mario World at all to me um
which is fine I'm not saying the game is
bad I'm just saying it's very different
and I do like Mario world better so
there you go
alright and then chunky Jack took me $5
and tried to get attention for a
detractor but I'm not gonna bother with
that so I'm just gonna seize thanks for
the 5 bucks and tough titties okay so
ladies and gentlemen we got a little bit
of time here okay so what I'm actually
gonna do
yes I am going to open up the stream to
questions from the viewers we just got a
question from furious Kirk 6 who did 100
cheer he's I'm curiosity what did you
think of the last year's of Walking Dead
Rick's exit and the whisperers storyline
are you liking the new season I don't
watch it anymore I don't have television
anymore um I was watching The Walking
Dead when I had normal TV and I got rid
of it two years ago and then I went to
UM
what was it PlayStation view was it
called I think it was PS view which was
their cable service um
and then I got rid of that so all I have
now is Netflix Hulu and Disney Plus um
and you I don't I don't know if Walking
Dead is on Hulu it's definitely not on
Netflix of Disney flaws so I stopped
watching it now I did see it all the way
through when Rick exited the show and
then I never gave a [ __ ] ever again I
don't care that to me what the second
that Rick exited was the end of the show
because I don't care that was the main
character the protagonist from day one
it's the character that always was
followed even though yes there are other
supporting characters that were great
today that Rick exited the show there
was no reason to ever watch it ever
again and I have seen not a single
episode since and I never will because I
don't care about the show anymore the
show basically over did its welcome it
destroyed the entirety of the negan
plotline by making it so [ __ ]
drawn-out I didn't care about it anymore
and that's my opinion I'm never gonna
really care about the show ever again so
sorry I can't really answer your
question legitimately but that's the
only thing I can say okay well that's
right foolish frog I did you're
absolutely right I cancelled Netflix now
I just have Hulu and Disney Plus those
are the two television services that I
have I don't have Netflix anymore I
haven't had any since September October
basically right before Disney Plus came
out I cancelled it so what do I think of
the Boomer meme I don't really care
either way about it I don't care about
it um you know it's it's a meme it's
meaningless like most memes it's stupid
as hell it doesn't apply to me cuz I'm
not a Boomer um
but you could say okay boomer meaning
okay old guy who's not in this
mindset as us because we're a younger
generation I guess that's fine I
understand what you're saying then and I
am I'm 37 years old and I know that I'm
older than probably most of my viewing
audience so um I guess it's fine I don't
really care no I did not watch the mean
DeLorean maybe I will one day I have not
seen a single episode of it Oh
judgement reader Cruise's six judgment
judgment was like one of my favorite
games last year by far and I liked it
more than any other recent Yakuza games
do I talk in circles when I lie I have
no idea haha
I have no idea first of all if you're
trying to sing gee I wonder I wonder if
Phil's talking in circles does that mean
he's lying
is this a mannerism of his that we may
have noticed on stream uh no because I'm
not lying to you guys so I don't know
when when I if and when I lie I would
have to say no I probably don't talk in
circles because in reality I don't lie
that often if I lie it has to be for a
very good reason like protecting myself
and my family um and in reality if I had
talked in circles when I lied about
certain things then people would have
caught on to that like for example let's
say for example oh all the time that
people were asking me am I gonna get a
cat are you thinking about getting a pet
or a cat and I just said no we don't
have one then come to find out I had one
I didn't talk in circles back then you
know what I mean like URLs you know so
yeah I don't think so
I don't think there's any mannerism or
anything that I have or anything like
that
um sometimes I just sat I get wrapped up
in a topic or whatever and I'll end up
talking in a circle I know it I know it
happens but as nothing to do with like
oh that's why tell of when you're lying
or anything like that I don't at least I
don't think so so along dynamite Headdy
you get 100 cheer he said if you decided
not to get into streaming uh what did
you want your career to be what field
were you interested in
um truth of the matter is when I was
younger um I wanted to do computer
programming cuz that was all the rage I
wanted to be able to program things for
businesses and made me eventually get
maybe in the game design but really I
was thinking more about practical things
for businesses behind the scenes and
stuff um so yeah like that's originally
what I wanted to do and then after that
I thought I could get into business
some some level whether it was finance
or something else you know and that
didn't pan out and then after that
literally I didn't care like I was so
obviously went from job to job that I
didn't like and didn't really care I was
only working for the sake of working and
making a paycheck you know whether it
was working for that mortgage company
that I worked for working for Best Buy
working for the helicopter company
nothing really was a fit and so I don't
really give a [ __ ] wasn't until I
started doing the continuous improvement
work at the helicopter company that I
actually started to enjoy some of the
work I was doing and then we then do a
year of doing that work they laid me off
so didn't [ __ ] matter that I liked
what I was doing didn't care now as I
said the one thing that I was thinking
about when I started on YouTube Masters
was making good money was gee maybe if
the money keeps coming in like this I
could save up and one day I could start
my own business a brick-and-mortar
business not an internet-based business
but a brick-and-mortar business where
maybe could be a restaurant or somewhere
I could sell product or something like
that and that way I can have something
different from the Internet and
diversify myself but sadly that doesn't
think that's ever gonna happen because
of my financial situation so well Jen
took me a dollar and says in reality I
figured out your goat laugh is a tick it
might be first of all I don't really
know what you guys mean by goat laugh I
mean it's not like haha like that or I
don't I don't know which laughing is mmm
that you're talking about that sounds
like a go um you know but hey maybe it
is a tick maybe it's just something that
I've adopted into my mannerisms over the
years um dark Annika in 1985 reset for
four months to four great months thank
you very much dark and again for the
ongoing support josh mere goat cheers
that any chance we'll see Jasper before
you end the stream absolutely not but
maybe tonight I will have the door open
for Knights of the Old Republic so if he
feels like coming in later tonight he's
welcome okay excuse me mm-hmm
oh no let's see you can't be in my sock
says do you feel having a personal
section of every stream dedicated to
detractors helps you it seems like they
won if they have a section dedicated to
them ladies and gentlemen what I
mentioned on my pre streams is we don't
bring up the tractor crap because we
know they exist and they persist no
matter there's nothing I can do about it
so bring it up is negative and it will
derail
my stream and that's all we say it's
about you know two three minute segments
and then we move up if I didn't do that
then by rights someone could come into
the stream and literally just start
talking about all the negative [ __ ] and
be like oh I didn't know better right
that's why we do it has nothing to do it
they won what the [ __ ] are you talking
about am i specifically every day bring
up that a particular person and/or group
of people and saying what they're up to
and giving them the attention they want
[ __ ] no I'm not gonna do that because
I'm not stupid
oh but I am gonna generally address this
if you don't know what the rules are
there's a very big difference but again
as I mentioned previously on ask the
king there's a difference between you
know books of our intelligence and
common sense and if you think it's the
same thing you have no common sense so
you're not actually smart okay
do I consider myself a struggling artist
I would say a struggling artist is
someone who they're very passionate
about what they do they want to keep
doing what they do and they feel there's
value in a but for some reason they
haven't found a way to necessarily make
a living doing it they can't monetize
what they do to the point where they're
safe you know they're constantly can't
pay their bills through they don't have
anywhere to live because they want to do
what they do it's their passion but they
don't make enough to do it you know a
street musician who really likes playing
an instrument but has no event you to do
it so they play it on the street just to
get thrown to three bucks a day that's a
struggling artist um me the truth of the
matter is my business is profitable but
I haven't so much effing debt from the
bad choices of my past and the way that
people have [ __ ] with me over the
years to get me into a bad position
financially that sadly I'm kind of
screwed over because of it um and I
don't think I'm struggling I think what
I need to do is get back to square one
and then I won't be struggling you see
what I'm saying like am I having issues
absolutely but I'm not as bad as a
struggling artist a struggling artist
would be man I really want to do what I
do but I can't make a living doing I can
I make good money doing what I do
but the problem is I got the giant
weight of all this debt on my back that
I can never pay off so once that goes to
zero and I start back to square one
things should be better and that's what
I'm working towards right now so I
should say thank you very much guys for
everything thank you to the top cheer of
the day on his fan the top tip of the
day silent bob thanks to everyone who
did contribute on today's stream I
appreciate that very much our subs went
up - oh we are nearing the end of the
stream I'm just gonna answer a couple
more questions and then I'm out of here
so
my girlfriend disco duro dough sure
happy birthday just go to road oh dammit
I can't scroll up twitch screwed up the
chat and I can't scroll up in twitch
chat anymore so I can't see these
questions I missed sucks
to the dark side Krishna listening to
extreme in the background I'm playing
Scarface good luck ha ha good luck on
those drug distribution missions dude
hmm Vincent says that Dragonball hmm
he's actually going to update um and
have less loading times on the 31st
that's good cuz we definitely won't be
done with the game by then so hopefully
it'll improve the loading times for sure
okay
d'cach 2012 says d I feel that Nintendo
will have to release a next-gen console
to stay relevant
none of the PS 5 and Xbox Series X are
coming out this year no Nintendo is
firmly and repeatedly stated they're not
directly competing with any of these
companies which is a lie a-bleeding
[ __ ] lie they are um but they try to
believe that they don't or they're not
so that they can have an excuse to say
well gee why isn't it funny that the PS
5 completely outsold all of your
consoles in the last 20 years anything
that would be like yeah but we're not
competing like yes you are you're in a
console market you're selling game
consoles some of the same games are on
both consoles you're competing directly
you're just really really trying to
[ __ ] yourself out of thinking
national you don't think that you're a
failure um but no I don't think that
Nintendo is gonna make a new console
anytime soon there's still you know
full speed ahead with this switch um
probably at least for another two three
years I would think um and then maybe
they'll go again but again I don't feel
that Nintendo is gonna go I would be
shocked if in like one or two years
intend to announce we're finally coming
out with a console that's super power
we're want to compete with the other
guys we want our first party titles look
just as good as those great game
exclusives over on those consoles and
we've got the highest processing power
and everything that's like some against
their philosophy of how they run things
now you know what I mean
so I seriously doubt we're ever gonna
see anything like that
okay well I'm furious Curt cheered again
he said I'm watching you read dead -
played through don't have time for all
of it wanted to know if you ever found
the serial killer in the game and when
no I never knew about that mission so I
never tracked him down okay
he's also known in Jenna Ball Z Kakarot
you can do beam clashes and especially
super cutscenes if you break enemy's
stamina yes I realized that in the last
couple of streams in fact the last two
streams like each had one beam clash and
then last dream I was guard breaking the
enemy a lot and you seen those special
you know scenes for when you throw out
your special moves when that happened so
donkeys were right now there is no two
days a week coming off anywhere in sight
I have to be here every day I can making
as much money as I can especially with
the stuff going on here behind the
scenes that I've talked about there's no
way I could be making less money right
now so
no I do not listen the current rappers
or R&B singers I don't listen to any
current music whatsoever uh-huh
yes my wife knows all about the entirety
of my financial troubles it would be
pretty stupid if she didn't wouldn't he
considering that she's involved Mart
McAuley says Nintendo stole 50 million
switch consoles and 100 million Wii
consoles that is not a failure and the
ps2 still remains the top-selling
console of all time while the ps4 was
the top-selling console of the last
decade despite the fact that both the
Wii and the switch sold well the 3s
four-way outsold both of them so you can
cite numbers out of context as much as
you want and you will still not win in
successfully pushing that Nintendo did
well they have not in the scheme of
things when it comes to consoles um
really the big loser was the Xbox one
the Xbox one sold very poorly compared
to its competitors which is why
Microsoft now tries to hide sales
numbers because they realize that they
really are last place right now what's
hilarious that people will tell me
that's not true which is why the other
day I actually took a picture of the
actual sales numbers on line B READY
top 10 selling game consoles of all time
the tenth place was PSP if you can
believe it the [ __ ] PSP handhelds
sold 80 million the Game Boy Advance
sold 82 million the Xbox 360 sold 85
million the PlayStation 3 sold 88
million the weaseled 102 million there's
Nintendo's one major serious console on
this list the PlayStation original sold
103 million the PlayStation 4 sold 106
million ok now we go to handhelds the
Gameboy which had 400 versions
sold 119 million that doesn't surprise
me this one actually does surprise me
the Nintendo DS now this is including
every model of the DS okay sold 154
million and the top-selling console of
all time is the ps2 with 159 million so
as much as you would like to believe
that Nintendo competed Sony destroyed
them this last console gender
with the ps4 crushed them okay
well I ever do an Apollo Justice
playthrough maybe I know it was in the
final poll few weeks ago maybe not
really interested in it right now but
it's always possible I don't see why I
wouldn't I do like the Phoenix Wright
games they are incredibly drawn out
though and I have to talk so much when I
play them it does actually hurt my voice
but you know I'm not writing it all no
I've never even touched the second
Knights of the Old Republic I know
nothing about it whatsoever
nope no I do not expect Wales to dig me
out of the hole of bankruptcy I mean how
would that happen exactly do you really
think people are gonna come in here and
start dropping giant amounts of money
out of the sky to pay out to get me out
of bankruptcy that's crazy no what I
expect is hopefully I'll keep making the
same amount of money that I'm making now
and with all of the debts hopefully
being either a restore put on a payment
plan that I'll be more manageable I will
have to sink all my money into that [ __ ]
every month anymore now I can actually
put the money where it's supposed to be
going my taxes so now I'm caught up on
all that [ __ ] and then I can start back
from square one and not accumulate those
same debts and I'll be fine think about
your adult for the cheer and the most
stupid thing I've ever seen so I'm not
reading it Shh
well I play any other games from the
viewers choices in the future possibly
what I usually do is when we have
downtime I usually look for three
factors number one a game that I maybe
you've wanted to play for a long time I
never got to number two a game that I
know is stream viewers seem to be
requesting for some reason or number
three if we've done a pole or a viewers
Choice event I looked at other things
that maybe we're up there in the voting
but didn't win and I consider those four
playthroughs as well so yes it's
possible I will consider some of those
games as playthroughs there you go
Jaidev just subscribe to the channel for
18 months it just came to subscribe
we'll watch the cast on YouTube sounds
good we're actually at the end of it so
you know good timing just to chop this
up good stuff man
furious Kirk did a hundred cheers this
since you're done with the show will you
watch the Rick Grimes Walking Dead
movies have you seen the breaking bad
movie El Camino and I'm playing days
gone I'd like to know when it improves
I'm at the point where you finally find
the medic receive your girlfriend don't
know if that's the 10 hour point or not
um okay first of all no didn't if she
didn't see any of those movies I can't
comment on them that's for all days gone
for me I felt the game got better when
you reached a new camp where there was
all new people and you were able to do
side missions and stuff for the people
in that camp and then the game branched
out because after that the game kind of
opened up and there were other camps you
could eventually go to and do jobs for
that first camp you do work for we're
basically the plotline in that camp is
oh the people kind of feel like they're
enslaved and they can't leave
that's very boring and a lot of the work
a lot of those the missions of stuff you
do around there is very boring and
tedious it's when you go to the further
camps that the game now gets much much
better in my opinion um and there's some
really good you know plot lines and
cutscenes and gameplay elements coming
up that make the game varied and
different but you have to get to that
point once you start getting to the new
camps to unlock new things then the game
gets much better in my opinion so if you
haven't gotten there stick in there if
you get to a few new camps and you still
hate the game then maybe it's time to
quit okay
all right at this point I think we're
we're we're winding down these parts
been over an hour and 15 minutes anyway
so again one final thank you to everyone
who contributed during today's stream it
is much appreciated um next time around
will be late March for episode 81 I feel
that we'll probably have way more
questions for that one because I'm not
doing in plot cast between now and then
so please and you know post up your
questions already on the King hate comm
forums it's available for you to post up
your questions there in fact if you're
watching this on youtube I usually put a
link in the description of the video
where you can click and go right there
and post up your questions for the next
show
Thanks to everyone who submitted a
question much appreciated and I hope you
guys enjoyed the show thanks again I
will see you all in two months for the
next ask the King in the meantime
hopefully I'll see you every single day
on stream for fun gameplay okay for ask
the King episode 80
this is DSP signing out thank you very
very much have a good evening
see you next time